**Type of Meeting**: Standup

**Date**: 11/09/2021

**Agenda**
- Debrief with TA

**Attendance**
- Daryl Foo               -- Yes
- Elias Arghand           -- Yes
- Jasmine Wang            -- Yes
- Jonathan Padungyothee   -- Yes
- Lavanya Verma           -- Yes (Online)
- Likith Palabindela      -- Excused
- Madelyn Mirai Adams     -- Yes
- Naweed Malal            -- Yes
- Sahil Bhalla            -- Yes
- Xiaoye Zuo              -- Yes 

**Last Meeting Stuff**
- Daryl Foo:               
- Elias Arghand:           
- Jasmine Wang:            
- Jonathan Padungyothee:   
- Lavanya Verma:           
- Likith Palabindela:     
- Madelyn Mirai Adams:     
- Naweed Malal:            
- Sahil Bhalla:            
- Xiaoye Zuo:       
         
**Project Updates/Issues** 
- Frontend 
  - pages close to completion
  - waiting on integration with backend
- UI/UX
  - Working on logos and images
- Backend
  - Have most functionality except typing functions to a button
    - working in console and scripts but not on button press
  - Setup of Firebase Completed
    - Login Authentication
    - Tested through Postman
- QA
  - Added auto JSDoc
    - still need to test functionality
  - Added repo linter
  - Added auto assign to github project board
  - Working on code quality via tool
    - need password to organization
  - Looking into which unit test program to use
    - phase 2 ci/cd item
  - Still running into code review via human (pull requests)
    - will try to complete by phase 1 deadline
- Create slack channel for async status updates

**General Notes**
 - Nov 22nd. deadline for minimum viable product (MVP)

**Topics for Next Meeting**

**Duration** 23mins 6:20pm-6:43pm