**Type of Meeting**: Standup

**Date**: 11/16/21

**Agenda**
- Debrief with TA
- Team Debrief / Standup

**Attendance**
- Daryl Foo               -- Yes
- Elias Arghand           -- Yes
- Jasmine Wang            -- Yes
- Jonathan Padungyothee   -- Yes
- Lavanya Verma           -- Absent
- Likith Palabindela      -- Yes
- Madelyn Mirai Adams     -- Yes (Zoom)
- Naweed Malal            -- Yes
- Sahil Bhalla            -- Yes
- Xiaoye Zuo              -- Yes 

**Last Meeting Stuff**
- Daryl Foo:               
- Elias Arghand:           
- Jasmine Wang:            
- Jonathan Padungyothee:   
- Lavanya Verma:           
- Likith Palabindela:     
- Madelyn Mirai Adams:     
- Naweed Malal:            
- Sahil Bhalla:            
- Xiaoye Zuo:       
         
**Project Updates/Issues**  
- CI/ CD Pipeline Done
- 

**General Notes**
- Working on API Calls
- MVP deadline Nov 22
  - CRUD functions as well
  - deployment
    - using firebase so github pages probably not possible
  - status video
- Still waiting on decision for public repo
- Super linter is fine for linting
- It fine to use code from Lab 6 for recipe card
  - modify it or if directly copied, CITE IT
- Documentation of Style / Style Guide
  - add to repo

**Topics for Next Meeting**
- Coding session tomorrow around noon / 1ish?

**Duration** 6:20 - 6:41 (21 mins)